feat(docs): add telemetry page (#2093)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/help/telemetry.mdx

---
title: Telemetry
description:
---

<PageDescription>

Carbon contains a telemetry feature that collects usage information for IBM and
Carbon Design System properties.

</PageDescription>

### Why is telemetry collected?

Carbon collects telemetry information to influence Carbon's roadmap and
prioritize bug fixes.

### When is data collected?

Data is only collected when Carbon packages are installed on a Continuous
Integration (CI) server, when the installation is not part of a Pull Request

> (PR), for Git respositories with the origin remotes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(PR), and for Git repositories with the origin remotes:
```

Reviewer: @mattrosno It looks like a word was missing here. Could you pls check to make sure I've kept your intended meaning?

Author: Thank you.

- `github.ibm.com`
- `github.com/ibm`
- `github.com/carbon-design-system`

As the information collected is not anonymous, telemetry data collection is

> limited to IBM GitHub Enterprise repositories, as well as open-source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limited to IBM GitHub Enterprise repositories, as well as open source
```
